so it's really great that now people are
stepping up and sharing stuff so for
example you Thomas I know that you are
sharing all these insights from your
accounts that you see like new stuff
Adrian Decca I know he's sharing all of
the news updates in his newsletter as
well and there's a ton of people in our
community Flores and Ariane who are
creating or who have created the flow
boost script and and are heavily pushing
that and then there's a lot of other
people in the community that are that
are openly sharing like almost every
every single day
all right guys welcome back to the PPC
Mastery podcast and today I am going to
do a little q a so if you have a
question for me in a future episode you
can ask your question go to
ppcmastery.com podcast and there is a
link where you can add question for yeah
for me so in this episode I will answer
a question from Thomas Echo and he also
asked the question in one of the
previous episodes and I mispronounced
his name to Thomas Excel so Thomas Ed
Show now I know it's Thomas Echo he's
Italian
and he asks what do you think are the
benefits of the increasing PPC Community
power
on LinkedIn and Discord how can we learn
from each other and how do you yourself
leverage the powerful Community
knowledge news strategies for your own
clients so that's a great question I'm
just going to answer it off the top of
my head
but I've definitely seen an increase in
people sharing stuff about PPA PP ads
about PPC in uh on LinkedIn on on
Twitter especially LinkedIn I think
LinkedIn is really really happening it's
really happening on LinkedIn right now
and of course in our own Discord
Community which I think right now I'm
just gonna quickly double check I think
we have 7 500 people
in there right now which is which is
amazing which we've built in in one year
just a little bit over one year yeah 40
185 people so almost 7 500 which is
which is crazy I'm getting close to 10K
people in there yeah I think the
benefits of this are is is really good
you can see a lot of good things coming
from this so one thing is people are
sharing more and openly so that means
that people are not keeping their secret
strategies to themselves but they are
openly sharing and trying to help other
people which I love I'm all I'm all
about that you guys know how much free
value I give I did that even before
a launch PPC Mastery I had my periods
when it was on and off like now I I
share content every single day but
before yeah it was a bit more on and off
with periods where I would share more
period swears which uh share less but
now yeah I I really love that other
people are also sharing their best work
so what comes from that is new
connections people are connecting
because I think the PPC world is
relatively small there are a lot of
Google ad specialists in the world but
if you compare it to Facebook ads or met
app
ad specialist and I think there then our
community is is much smaller so it's
really great that now people are
stepping up and sharing stuff so for
example you Thomas I know that you are
sharing all these insights from your
accounts that you see like new stuff
Adrian Decker I know he's sharing all of
the news updates in his newsletter as
well and there's a ton of people in our
community Flores and Ariane who are
creating or who have created the flow
boost script and and are heavily pushing
that and then there's a lot of other
people in the community that are that
are openly sharing like almost every
every single day it actually gives me a
proud feeling to see that because I feel
like
when we launched the Discord Community
after that and I'm not taking credit for
all of the value that everybody's
sharing but I think that after we
launched the Discord Community people
started to get to know each other more
and
a natural effect is if you know someone
then you're more likely to interact with
them and now you see a lot of a lot of
people daily on my in my posts
commenting but they are also commenting
on other posts of other people and
everybody's just trying to help each
other so I think that's a good thing
it's a good thing for the PPC community
in general because we're all trying to
to fight the the system that is Google
ads and we're all trying to find our way
to get the best possible possible
performance
and the way that I leverage this is well
first of all I created our Discord
Community last year because I just
wanted to surround myself with other
Google ads Specialists so I created that
and then yeah I never expected it to
become what it is right now how big it
is but um yeah whenever I needed to get
inspired I will just scroll through
Discord or scroll through Linkedin but
most of the strategies that I teach are
based on real practical experience of me
running tests in my accounts both
running tests in his accounts and
actually through our community I've
learned a lot because I need to teach
and if you if you have to teach if
you've ever like created a course or or
an online webinar or training or
whatever
then you know how hard it actually is to
structure your thoughts in a way that
you can share it with someone that that
they actually comprehended so I think
this is the power as well for people if
you're if you're actively sharing on
LinkedIn or Discord or or whatever
Channel
then keep it up because that's how you
learn the most by teaching others so I
think if you go through a learning curve
then natural like obviously the first
step is that you need to take is that
you need to learn something new but then
if you really want to cement it in your
brain teach it to somebody else because
then there's a quote and it says I got
this from Robin Sharma there's a quote
that says teacher learns most and I've
firsthand experienced this myself since
I've started to teach to other people my
own expertise really went through the
roof as well because I have to clearly
think about okay
what is it actually that we're doing and
and why would you use feed feed only
pmax versus full on pmax or or why would
you even use pmax if you can also use
standard shopping search Dynamic
remarketing YouTube Etc
so I think it's a great thing that
people are sharing more now it up it
lifts the the total level of the bpc
community and yeah that's how I how I
personally leverage that there's a few
accounts that I follow like for example
Adrian Decker I always shout out I will
always shout him out because I love his
his updates but Thomas what you're
sharing as well I love I love that
because sometimes you get access to new
features before I do in my accounts and
then I already know what's what's coming
up so so that's great but the only
downside of our Discord Community now is
that it is has become so big and my new
focus is on our PPC Hub membership so
our Discord Community is is always going
to be there and I love to to see the
memes and posts a bit in there and
hang out with people but
our focus is really right now on the PPC
Hub membership and the level of the
questions and the discussions Etc in
there are really high and I learned from
our members every single day as well so
we have people with really unique ways
of doing Google ads unique ways of
finding clients and yeah I learned from
that every single day as well but yeah
another way how I leverage it is
obviously that I work with Bob Bob is a
PPC Mastermind I would consider myself
to be a good mind in in Google in the
Google Ads industry as well but I think
Bob is yeah he's a wizard and I I
learned from him every single day and
whenever we build products together then
he tends to be in the lead or at least
like in he makes outline and all that
stuff and yeah it's all the most of the
really advanced stuff comes from him and
I I learn from that as well every single
day so I'm blessed to be working with
some of the
or at least I would say one of the the
best Minds in in PPC I learned from that
every single day but when it comes to
LinkedIn and Discord yeah I love
following people that share openly share
a lot of value every day ungate it it's
crazy just how much value people are are
sharing and and I feel like people are
not sitting on their best strategies
anymore but every everybody knows now
that the more that you share online or
not everybody knows this but most people
that are sharing they know that the more
value that you give away for free the
more value that you will get in return
either through new Partnerships by
getting new clients or getting a pay
raise and you're in your job if you're
just working a regular like agency or
in-house job so so yeah man that's
basically how I how I do that so thank
you for the question
I would yeah I'd love to take on some
more questions in future episodes if you
have a question for me just drop it at
ppcmastery.com podcast and then I will
answer some of your questions in future
episodes so thank you again Thomas echel
for this question and see you in the
next one
[Music]